I am really seeking something to change my whole settled brain chemistry. I am not happy with the way my brain works, how it make conclusions, and not happy about my decision making capabilities. I am talking about very slight aspects of decision making. I am not gonna talk about regrets of my decisions in life, the field I choosed or people who I didn't give enough credits but more about how treat mechanism in my brain is not clicking. And this is certainly my fault. I am seeking ways to fix this.

I am not diagnosed, however, I am struggling with depression and social anxiety on daily basis. Same thought flows daily and damaging level of overthinking that makes my brain fuzzy. I moved abroad recently for my studies, but still, nothing changed. 

I was actually considering moving abroad would actually help me with my brain's current state of being. But unfortunately, I am equivalently miserable and unhappy. Actually these adjectives are not the most accurate, more of think it as a lack of peace in me. But I don't phrase it this way a lot, since it makes it way more dramatic. But that is pretty much how it feels.

The state of mind of mine is for surely comes from my parents. I am not a psychology expert, but knowing my parents enough to call this and as growing up, I can tell my brain is very much like theirs. This part worths a mention, but it doesn't help pratically at all.

On the other hand, I grow up a place very rural. Small friend groups and not very much diversity. This worths a mention too but again, not helping pratically.

As of today I am lacking social skills and a healthy way of thinking regarding new experiences. Here I am airing the problem! I need to overcome this pit, otherwise I am not gonna make it.

Lack of peace is the main concern, since I know I can be actually happy. But not too easily. It requires a scramble to get a good way of satisfaction. And as long as I know myself I have been working on it.

Yeah, so far I have been working on it without any treats and any positive feedbacks. I was enjoying the process but it feels like it is falling apart. Also, I have been questioning more as I grow and learn more, and sticking to a plan that I made in a not very healthy state of mind is causing issues right now. That I thought I knew what I want, and insist on that, but turned out to be I actually not really want what I thought I want. Not that I want something else, and the plan still seems solid and sensible, but that I am now considering this idea of not knowing is okay and very much with me. I stopped deceiving myself. It sounds positive, but is it?





Today is a positive day. I feel motivated towards sharping my skills. Being creative and not wasting time over needless activities. I still have a tone of fear and anxiety towards future, however. I have plenty to do. And I am having plenty of things not getting done. How to get out of this situation?

I need a stable schudule that should additionally include German, Atatürk and a new research lab. Recently, my first ever attempt of a mail to a professor hasn't got a return. All good. 0/1. A better number then 0/999 or 0/77 or 0/13 or even 0/2. I am gonna chill with my 0/1 for a while I assume.

Then, I should get going. Mailing, applying, filling and receiving. Getting rejecting and accepting. A whole new path. I don't feel the motive to make extra work, like WTF? After all those sacrifices and hard work, when it is time to complete, when it is time to receive, when it is time to fast up, I am shot down. Like those marathon runners when they see the finish line, they lower the acceleration and someone from behind with top speed gets to complete the run. I am in such situation. But I also thought the process is what matters. Enjoying the process. Developing through processes. Everyone eventually know how to conclude, good or bad. But evolving to that conclusion even not fully accomplishing gives me joy, as well. I don't think anything wrong with that.

I do, however, accomplish as well. I have accomplished. But was it satisfactory? I don't recall a single fucking example. That is what is wrong with me.

I don't appreciate. Because my primitive system doesn't digest any aspects besides that there's no meaning of time and space, but to keep this organism alive. That's it. I am not autistic enough to contribute to humanity. All my body cares is to stay alive. It is not here to process data to make it valuable then it is as if it is necessary to not die. This doesn't sound serious, I know, but for a fair fact, it is the honest truth.

I am trying to say that I have no passions. I have no desires. I am doing things as society imposes to. To be part of the society that will keep me alive at some level. As long as it doesn't require a further contribution, my body will not interact. But that's how it works. Society also tries to stay alive via serving and receiving from its counterparts, and some are becoming mutated to contribute more, like a fluctuation. Some fluctuation negatively as well. And me, myself, have the most balanced line ever. The boring part.

I called the contributors autistic, however, intending that as a compliment. I appreciate the spectrum. And people who are part of it, which have desires and passions, and the skills or superpower to extend the reality and create something new. That is the best system we could ever have. The autistics.

Elon Musk is autistic. Satoshi Tajiri, Tim Burton are autistics. Charles Darwin, Mozart, Andy Warhol were autistics as well. Yeah, I just googled. They are great contributors. God bless them. Well, he technically didn't but turned out well anyways. The point is people who are not partially functioning strictly as humans are leading to great history. They have the urge to explore more and grasp the nature differently. They are gifted.

But me, on the other hand, am not. I am not interested in further aspects of nature. I act like I do. I have successfully built a mechanics that reflect to enjoy research. Enjoy what is coded in nature. Enjoy physics and mathematics. But I am not really. Or I cannot convince myself if I really am. Which is worse.

That's been said, I love physics. I love doing physics. It is beautiful. I wish I was better with it. I wish I had oppurtunities to be better at it. I wish I had a better mental state to do physics. I wish I could give my all to physics. I wish it was easier for me to apply what I know. But unfortunately I am too human and I am mentally ill.

I am mentally not okay. Everyday is a struggle to stay alive. Everyday is a struggle to not to kill myself. I am not enjoying anything. I am not having fun with traveling, making friends, watching shows, seeing art, doing science, cheering games or playing. I don't even think I enjoyed playing games when I was a kid. I can ask my parents but one wouldn't remember and the other won't tell the truth. I am not here for anything.
